[ Music ]
>> Rachel Magario: I think the secret to success
for post secondary is not knowing
what career you're wanting to do.
It's knowing what you want to explore,
because you only know what you
want to do when you experience it.
I took all the opportunities I had in college.
Extracurricular activities give you experience,
give you a glimpse on what
to do and how to work.
It helps you build a work ethic.
Classes helps you to get the hard knowledge
but it doesn't give you what they
call sub skills, social skills.
So it's important to get
involved with social clubs.
Then the other important part in college is you
don't have an IP in a health support system,
especially if you're in a big college.
I was in a 30,000 campus, 30,000 student campus.
And it's important to not let people
discourage you on what you want to do.
It's important to finalize
in your professors to figure
out which classes will fit your learning
style best and not be afraid to drop bottom
that once they are not fitting your style.
And above all that, it's very important to be
able to get internships, jobs and opportunities,
before you get out of college because that is
the time to experience in a safe way and learn.
So when you get outside of college, what they
call the real world, you're able to find a job,
but, more than that, find a path for your
career; and college is the best place.
Don't be so worried about finishing
early, like everybody else,
but actually enjoying every
opportunity that college can afford.
[ Music ]
[ Silence ]